Update HTML and CSS for new deploy docs (#41284)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/next/index.md

---

<style>
  .grid {
    display: grid;
    grid-template-columns: repeat(auto-fit, minmax(200px, 1fr));
    gap: 1em;
  }
  .app-btn {
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 15em;
    width: 100%;
    border-radius: 1em;
    border: 1px solid;
    background-color: white;
    text-align: center;
    font-weight: 100;
  }
  .app-btn:hover {
    box-shadow: 0 0 10px #00cbec;
  }
  .app-btn > img {
    height: 4em;
  }
  .app-btn > h3 {
    font-size: 1.5em;
    font-weight: lighter;
    margin-top: .2em;
    margin-bottom: 1em;
  }
</style>

# Deploy Sourcegraph

> Get started with one of the available deployment methods below, from creating a managed instance hosted by Sourcegraph Cloud to setting up a self-hosted instance with [AWS One-Click](./aws-oneclick.md) --we've got you covered!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph is runnable in a variety of environments, from cloud to self-hosted to your local machine.
```
